there in the angel grove that was a girl
out of 4 was a large pond there and the staff
Ride on the rappel
friends put me in is pretty cool to
take a picture there we will try to do the
Hi, what if it gets legal?
I'll put it to you, he said, do not stay.
nice also came back for you to see how
that the beauty mine and follows tranquil
usually what we do the best
definition of its lens is not the
the aperture it has usually
above three points and then a lens
2.8 2.834 is 5.5 point 6 would be the part
more defined your lens higher resolution
of your lens as my lens is 2.8 I
I'll use 5.678 you get a good
definition of your beauty lens i 'll do
this photo at low speed or try
3.2 seconds
Let's see how it goes. I'm
using this without the legal good but I still
I will try to seek the focus that seeks the
auto focus and I'll try to search
a manual focus
Let's see how the door is.
and to increase to become cooler
definition
I'll put the camera to shoot
two seconds because the camera is not
They wagged that pressing her button.
It was really cool, so I used two
points five seconds seven iso 100 as
I increased the speed is to decrease the
image capture speed
I ended up getting more rus coming
from the bottom
when you want to raise more funds and
slows down
Ok I'll send it in. Let's see if it's
He gets more photo in there.
mission souare campaign
the hotel
years the tax trolley and not always
adilson is already okay is not